{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Google Ads API Tool Design Documentation\b0\par
\par
\b Company:\b0 Carolina Lumpers Service\par
\b Website:\b0 https://carolinalumpers.com\par
\b API Contact:\b0 s.garay@carolinalumpers.com\par
\b Date:\b0 April 20, 2026\par
\par
\b 1. Purpose and Business Context\b0\par
Carolina Lumpers Service is a warehouse and logistics labor provider in North Carolina. This tool is used internally to support Google Ads account operations for the company's own marketing campaigns. The purpose is to improve campaign visibility, monitor spend and performance, and support reporting for informed business decisions.\par
\par
\b 2. Tool Users and Access Scope\b0\par
The tool is intended for internal business use by authorized company personnel only. Access is restricted to approved users responsible for advertising operations, reporting, and account administration. The tool is not a public product and is not offered as a third-party ad platform.\par
\par
\b 3. System Architecture Overview\b0\par
The tool uses OAuth 2.0 authenticated requests to Google Ads API endpoints. It runs as an internal application/script environment controlled by Carolina Lumpers Service. The high-level flow is:\par
\par
1) Authorized internal user authenticates using OAuth credentials.\par
2) The tool requests Google Ads API data for approved accounts.\par
3) Responses are processed for internal reporting and optimization workflows.\par
4) Results are displayed or stored in internal operational artifacts used by staff.\par
\par
\b 4. Data Flow\b0\par
\b Source Data:\b0 Google Ads account and campaign data via Google Ads API.\par
\b Processing:\b0 Internal scripts transform and summarize metrics for business operations.\par
\b Output:\b0 Internal dashboards/reports used to manage campaign decisions.\par
\b Destination:\b0 Controlled internal storage and reporting views only.\par
\par
No resale, redistribution, or public exposure of raw API access is provided.\par
\par
\b 5. API Usage Scope\b0\par
The tool is used for legitimate account management and performance analysis use cases, including:\par
- Account and campaign visibility\par
- Performance and spend monitoring\par
- Internal reporting and optimization support\par
\par
The tool is limited to business-owned or explicitly authorized Google Ads accounts and follows API policy requirements.\par
\par
\b 6. Security and Credential Management\b0\par
Security controls include:\par
- Restricted access to OAuth credentials and developer token\par
- Principle of least privilege for account access\par
- No hardcoded secrets in public repositories\par
- Controlled internal environment for execution and maintenance\par
- Periodic credential review and rotation as needed\par
\par
Only authorized personnel can operate the tool and access resulting data.\par
\par
\b 7. Privacy and Compliance\b0\par
Carolina Lumpers Service uses the Google Ads API in compliance with Google Ads API Terms and applicable policies. The tool is designed for internal business operations, with emphasis on data minimization, access control, and responsible handling of account information.\par
\par
\b 8. Monitoring, Support, and Change Control\b0\par
Operational practices include:\par
- Verification of API connectivity and authentication health\par
- Error logging and troubleshooting for authentication or request failures\par
- Controlled updates to scripts/configuration when API or business requirements change\par
- Administrative oversight of user access and account permissions\par
\par
\b 9. Statement of Intended Use\b0\par
This Google Ads API tool is used exclusively to support Carolina Lumpers Service internal advertising operations. It enables secure, policy-compliant access to Google Ads data for campaign management, reporting, and optimization. It is not a public-facing platform and is not used to resell API access to external parties.\par
\par
\b End of Document\b0\par
}
